Q1: When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
A1: You would want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work locally so that multiple people can work on the code without creating a big confusing mess.

Q2: Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
A2: Forks only exist on GitHub and allow you to copy a GitHub repository to your own repository on GitHub. Changes you make to this repository will only be reflected on your repo and not on the repo of the original source. Clone allows you to clone a remote repo to your local system or clone a local repo to another location on your local system. Branches allow you to make changes to a repo without affecting the master branch. Branches are very useful for collaborative coding.

Q3: What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
A3: When you're making edits you're less likely to have to deal with conflicts if your copy of remote is up to date. It's also convenient to do this before you are in an area where you might not be able to have internet access.

Q4: How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
A4: Without using Git or Github you would have to manually check each file for conflicts and/or go over your changes with the people you are collaborating with. This could be pretty hard considering some code could be thousands or millions of lines long. Git makes this easier by auto-merging files that don't have conflicts and highlighting files that have conflicts so you don't manually need to find them yourself.

Q5: When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
A5: You would want to make changes in a separate branch when you are creating something new so that you aren't creating any conflicts with the master branch as people are fixing bugs with the master branch. Working on a separate branch is safer, more collaborative, but is slower than working on the master branch.
